Tutorial enhancements (#55)
vaadin-learning-center/learning-content: tutorials/getting-started-with-flow/04__creating-a-form-using-plain-java/content.adoc

+

> . In `CustomerForm.java`, we need a public API for the `MainView` to define which `Customer` to edit. We will also use `Binder` to make two-way databinding between the properties of the `Customer` and the UI fields in the form. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In `CustomerForm.java`, we need a public API for the `MainView` to define which `Customer` to edit. We also use `Binder` for two-way data binding between the properties of the `Customer` and the UI fields in the form. 
```

private Binder<Customer> binder = new Binder<>(Customer.class);
----

> * A `Binder` is an object that synchronize the properties from domain objects to the UI fields. The binder takes care of reading values from the business object, and converts user data from the format expected by the field to that expected by the business object. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A `Binder` is an object that synchronizes the properties of domain objects to the UI fields. The binder takes care of reading values from the business object, and converts user data from the format expected by the field to that expected by the business object. 
```

* This improves the UI by highlighting the more common action. 

> . Let's also improve the user experience by hidind the form when it is not bound to a domain object and focusing the first name text field when a user is selected. Amend the `setCustomer` method to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. We also improve the user experience by hiding the form when it is not bound to a domain object, and focus the first name text field when a user is selected. Amend the `setCustomer` method to:
```

    this.customer = customer;
    binder.setBean(customer);
    boolean enabled = customer != null;
    setVisible(enabled);
    if (enabled) {
        firstName.focus();
    }
}
----

> . To initialize form state without an active customer, call `setCustomer(null)` at the end of the constructor.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To initialize the form state without an active customer, call `setCustomer(null)` at the end of the constructor.  
```
